So this is my that that, that
this is my character for my
animation. He's kind of really
big, big kind of bulky kind of
guy and he's he's just quite
large. He's big sword and.
Yeah, it's just me really like
kind of really kind of overly
huge dude is gonna be really
angry, and he's gonna be really
slow moving, kind of kind of
waddling around almost.
And.
Yeah, I'll put the storyboards
there.
Full screen.
So this is.
This is my kind of first. The
first part of the storyboard.
He's gonna be fighting this,
this small guy.
And it's gonna it's kind of
gonna mainly start in the second
one. And they're gonna run at
each other, and small ones gonna
slide under him, and big ones
gonna kind of swing over him
again. The small ones going to
be moved and lot faster than the
big one. So. Yeah. And when he
slams off the ground, I'm gonna
have kind of just come out of
the ground because, you know,
he's really big, really strong
and all that.
And yeah, then he kind of turns
around and, like, hits him kind
of up from behind. And there's
gonna be wind then shown out of
that kind of.
One of kind of follow through
kind of a difference animation
and that kind of strike up is
gonna knock your man back.
And then there's going to be
some dialogue there on the on
the bottom left one. And he's
gonna go to kind of hit him
properly and then he gets caught
off and you're man shoots him.
And it it it zooms in to the
guys face and then over here it
goes, zooms into the small guys
face and back to the big guy and
then he dies.
That's that's kind of it.